Well
yeah Well overall the moment I
uploaded the first photo okay the moment I
uploaded the first photo that I didn't even upload it myself
Mikel didn't upload it I mean no Mikel no Ruben
jber uploaded some stories no that I don't
know if they were these no This is Mikel's
because it's recorded from behind and
Mikel was behind me
no I didn't tell anyone Where was I or anything
because I didn't want to advertise it I say already
When I upload the video I'll upload it But
well in the end I uploaded the photos on
Twitter that you saw on Instagram because
Ruben made a story Ruben made a
story in which he mentioned me and he took me
out
and Mikel also okay uploaded this no at
that moment the rain of
criticism started the rain of criticism I mean they
were criticizing me for going to pport to do
a report I think I don't know if you're going to
agree with me I sincerely believe that
there are people who are very sick with me
who are starting to go a
bit overboard with hatred and obsession with me
I ask eh I don't know I mean is it normal that I
go to record a report and from
minute one without  watch the report without
knowing absolutely anything there are dozens
of tweets from the same people from the same people
let's see me for example No I put
x youtuber whoever you want okay Diego
arrabal okay it's now in fashion me
For example if you put me I don't
watch all of Diego's content okay eh
but but of course if you put me
controversies about Diego arabal then whether I like him
or not well Hey in this one I agree with him
Hey well in this one
I don't agree with him hey well
in this other one I don't agree
with him hey well I
liked what he did well this but no no no no no no
no the usual group of sick people is worth
their corresponding youtuber with their
corresponding audience is what they do
whatever they do if I go because I have gone if I don't
go this guy has not gone if I wear a
gray vest this guy has put on a
gray vest without shame if I wear it
pink it's no no Look Wilson The account is
harassment not that on top of that there are youtubers who
give attention to a cador this is a
stalker this is a person who has
created an account for which they have
had to create a separate email a
separate account not to stalk, I mean getting
up every morning
thinking about a person they hate
to see what clicks you take out of context, I don't
know, Mental Health is very important eh
How important Mental Health is but of
course it's not that you say host It's that
I expose what Javi has done It's that
I criticize Javi It's that I talk about
gossip no no no no no what you do
is harass this one and all the others okay
because if not you would do it from your account
with your face you would do it from your account
with your face Okay, what is it that the
first tweet from this account takes out
at the moment in which it is
publicly known that I am in Valencia,
could someone tell me who the blonde is that
Jabi Oliveira was distracted with
while he was walked around Valencia
Thanks dude you went to the videos of
the people who are with me, I mean it's not
even a post of mine anymore no no no
no you have been or whatever  have you seen in
Ruben's story or in or in
my photo on Twitter have you seen Who's
with me What people are with me and you
have gone to their social networks to see what they
upload with me because this is Mikel or rather
this is not even Ruben this is Mikel
Mikel spectacular person but he is not
that well known okay or rather you have gone to
stalk when you have seen the photo of
What people I am with you have gone to stalk the
others to see what they upload about me and what you
take And what have you been able to take
because at one point on camera you can
see my cell phone screen because it is really
big okay or rather in fact Look at the cell
phone screen in the first one okay you can
see a woman here and what he does is he
starts to look at my cell phone screen he
starts to look at my cell phone screen okay
Oh it wasn't yours look what I searched of
course it's not mine Estela This video is
Mikel's don't you see it was recorded from behind
the one who was riding in the back is Mikel he is
sick this is a sick person this is a
person that the day it is known who
because he is careless or  whatever what a [ __ ]
shame Javi it's an honor that all
these people criticize us man
really yes but oh well but don't you see it
as bad I mean don't you see it as
terrifying and sick very very sick
Mikel is better known among the kids
for imitating Choca yes it's true yes it
's true dude he went from everything they were uploading
of everything they
were uploading he started zooming in
for a microsecond that the
screen of my phone could be seen to see what he caught and he
took a photo okay he enlarged it
to
insinuate someone could tell me who
the blonde he was distracted with is okay And
now people's comments like
how he okay caught this lady
Pilar see irum Pilar Vera is in bad shape
Pilar Vera Look at Pilar Vera's Twitter account
okay look at the
Twitter account of this lady who is 70 years old
70 years old she posts a photo because for
obvious reasons I'm not saying it for Faith
woman she must be 70 years old I don't know how the [ __ ] it
is okay let's go this This lady is messing
with Marta Riesco and  Look at the picture that's
posted okay he's 70 years old and the
Twitter account Look pinned a tweet about me
pinned on his Twitter account a tweet
about
Javi about some nonsense that Diego has told
in the last few days that we're
going to tell now too No not here I
couldn't answer it well The other day the
lawyer gave him a little going over let's
see it
Okay and the whole time it's Look retweet to
[Music]
faithful squire of Joan
Planas who well anyway I'm not going to
comment on
anything and his entire Twitter is responding and
challenging everything that has to do
with me or against me okay any
hater any of these
harassment accounts okay I mean he responds to any
account okay he responds with a retweet or
simply
puts some response emojis to
everything everything everything to this lawyer who
defends Daniel Sancho who said that
Daniel Sancho was innocent and whoever
said he was a murderer was slander
no Oh he's almost 80 I didn't know I did
n't know to everything to everything okay I mean if
you guys are going down here look everything is
support  any t that crosses
because it follows everyone who hates me is
worth it And it's retweeting and responding even
with an emoji to anyone but
whether it's from the kids because she won't have a
[ __ ] clue Look Francisco Javier is
in Valencia and what does Amparo have to do with
Amparo? I don't have
any problems with Amparo, something happened with Marina She
had a
fight with her or a misunderstanding with
her I don't know if the two of them will talk at
some point or whatever I hope they
solve it and at the time the
next day or the next I apologize for the
moment in which in which that
situation occurred on my channel I can't do
anything anymore I'm not going to I'm not going to cut my
veins I'm not going to whip myself I can't
do anything else Hey well look it was
inappropriate not the moment Hey well I'm
very sorry and [ __ ] I hope I wish you the
best not that I can't do anything else
the truth okay but everything everything everything
look look what he's responding to
Javier wigs because he posts a picture of me
Look I've discovered Who he is
javil beira stalker okay I mean it's tremendous
look whatever retweets it responds to it
okay whatever dal veira javiel wigs
eh whatever that's how the lady sticks around
from first thing in the morning okay And
of course she responds to this comment she
says caught Hahaha caught you're on my phone
Pilar Vera caught you're on
my phone What have I done to you that I left you trapped she was
wearing a seatbelt because
lately she's gotten the hang of
breaking the rules what what okay this
lady do you remember this lady who was
really into it I mean the
responses well almost everything luckily
almost everyone is telling her
what man this photo that you see
in the same video is Gloria Camila Why
Because when you open Instagram
when you open Instagram the first thing
that comes up are the people she
follows eh I usually like people
I like Like Gloria Camila for example we
've also talked I get along
with her really I mean she
likes my posts and I like her so
people come out with  the one with the
most interactions I imagine
okay But notice if they are harassers and
manipulate with the intention of manipulating
what he says was looking at photos of Gloria
Camila I wasn't picking up my [ __ ] phone
and what I was doing was if you see my
phone well Look I don't know if you can see it well but when you turn the camera you see the first thing I have open here you see the first thing I have open here I'm sharing I picked up the phone because Rubn had just uploaded a story with me and I'm picking up the phone to share it on my story you see what you
see here on the screen well what you
see here on the screen is
Rubn Jer's Instagram story and I
share it on mine you see it and then
when I close the story Well you can
see
the photo of Gloria Camila which is the
first one that comes up but well yes she is
very pretty But look how
Lorena is telling me I would have entertained myself
much more if Paula Echevarra had
known she would have uploaded the photo that she
uploaded a while ago which my mother eh I
mean it didn't make sense eh chubby I mean you
're both there  you're
there both of you hand in hand but it would have
entertained me eh It would have entertained me Good thing she did
n't catch me on the road
eh the photo that Paula
Echevarra uploaded today
my goodness no no but so you can see anca So you can
see the la manipula who she's
entertaining herself with I mean trust what you've
done eh you see Rubn first but he doesn't give a damn
he takes it so you can see that he's a
stalker and he zooms in but the
simple act of looking the simple act
of looking is worth the screen of my phone
that can be seen for a microsecond it's like you're
very sick man treat it You're very
sick and I understand that what you do you
do with a multi account because from
yours you would be ashamed you're a
stalker you're a stalker you don't do gossip gossip I do
I do Carmen does
Elena
does FJ okay with your face and you go
commenting but you go commenting the same thing
about one as the other But when you have
an obsession with a person you are a
stalker like the one who is accused in a
criminal issue that Pablo Franco is carrying out that
everyone is laughing at Pablo Franco now
lately Well Pablo Franco has
caught my stalker and put him
in the dock They are fighting to see if
the trial date will be given or not
because the stalker is saying where
my friends are where I left him there he won't
shut up so I think you were doing
that thing with my Facebook video not with the
ball cup But
anyway world premiere so he went to
see a live show of
Mikel's in which Mikel and Rubn when I
leave Well they are commenting on the
following today Javier and
Oliveiras came Javier Oliveira came he
contacted me on
Twitter And today he came and we gave him
a tour with Rubn's car dis vert
where did you leave Oliveira Oliveira has
gone he recorded and the
poetry has spread Yes there is the evidence of the crime
don't bring me closer These are
Oliveira's Oliveira Javi Oliveira
we can auction them off with the [ __ ] and all
that is [ __ ] that you see there is [ __ ] this
is Paca and  of all these are from Oliveira
he put them there before going to Seville he
threw them in the trash now I'm going to put up
an urn and make a sub okay the
reality is that everyone who comes
here including Javier Oliveira who look he's
from an internet environment maybe
totally I mean Javi Oliveira doesn't
dedicate himself to politics or
social criticism and such and today he left almost
also in shock or so a month later
see the guy from outside that you'll see the
video that he will upload I will upload some of him too
that no I couldn't believe it I didn't even want to
get out of the car at many times down down
no no from here it looks good Well look, you
should come
somehow like Oliveira came who
wrote to me two days ago Javier Oliveira
says
yours that I don't know what that not yet It's all
clean I don't know what he doesn't tell me not yet It's
all clean I saw there that there is a bit
of Chaos and a bit of Chaos by passing by
there to see it you would think that there were three or
four streets there a cleaned pin or something
cl we loaded it in the one that Mikel
the poor guy was in behind as if it were a  lump and it
's not an hour and a half It didn't take us
no no more we did a little
running tour and the guy left like he'd
seen an
alien a line he came here he
threw the dots in the trash he didn't
even clean or anything he's there
saying let's go to Tom's because later we're
meeting up with my friends to have a
beer we're going to have dinner I'm going to go
to a chair and I don't want to know anything And
look the guy was with Fran from the
jungle and they put snakes
cockroaches all over his body and we
told him Get off get off no no yeah here in the
car I'm fine he didn't want to get off he didn't
want to get off poor thing just like that just like that
But good guy man good guy at
least he came there's many who
came yeah take a picture because they didn't
even come around here because
on top of that Javier told me damn you're
tall I didn't know you were that tall
Well you're the same from the
Ros Segurado auditorium it's on fire don't
[ __ ] with me J don't [ __ ] with me let's see
a huge fire damn damn it's on
fire is it
true the video that Javi doesn't want you to
see I mean they're the same  kids who
helped me make the documentary and
this guy understands that he's swallowed a
live this guy is a [ __ ] disgrace
the person behind it eh a kiss
Royal all my support smiling face with
big eyes that it was
intentional let's see what happens
that he's swallowed a live from the
people who have attended to me not because
they are interested or rather look This is what
differentiates what harassment is not the
sick person no is not interested in what
Rubn says and what Mikel says who
have a lot to contribute and are
doing a great job there is
only interested in swallowing this live
to find the moments in which they
have talked about me to post this
tweet an hour and a half of tour without
wanting to get out of the car many times
Of course I don't want to get out of the car Of course I'm
not going to get out of the car on
many occasions in many not in all
okay or rather that I know that I know eh
from the roof that I know that I'm out of the
car Of course in Algemesi that I know
here I am out of the car I think eh I think
I'm out of the car eh I think I think
the only time I told him that  I wouldn't get
out of the car, it was inside the garage
because I saw it as unnecessary to look for a
[ __ ] infection there, okay, I think
here interviewing people.
We're also out of the car, I mean,
when I haven't gotten out of the car, the
only time that Rubn tells me, do you
want to get out and we record and then I
tell him in your video if he goes outside of
Claro, of course, but let's see, but apart from the fact that I
was there for an hour and a half, that's another
other comment. Not that it's been a long time, no, I
was there for an hour and a half or that I was there for three. There's one that
says an hour and a half and another
that says I was there for three, but the
documentary only lasts an hour and 17 minutes. Edited.
Just for Mathematics. How the hell are you going to be there for
3 hours, but how the hell are you going to be there,
eh, 3 hours? If the edited video lasts 1
hour 17, man, I mean, criticize me for
sacrificing a night without sleeping to
spend 7 hours on the road
all day. While the sun holds out
in Valencia, visiting all the
affected areas, bring you a documentary with
Rubn jber and Mikel Serrano, who are the ones who
are most  involved I think right
now as an influencer there Okay and
another 7 hours of going back and a
spectacular job by the Editors, I
mean there are other influencers who have gone
Diego Arrabal who they are defending
now the same Wilson account Diego
Arrabal was in Valencia and the
content was and I'm seeing it Carmen
but let's see it's controlled no [ __ ]
how is this you [ __ ] is going to make me
an advertisement Diego Arrabal was not
in Valencia either I don't know what he would
do during the day but at night he
took and uploaded videos from the hotel I don't
know if it was to take photos I don't know what it
was for but
e What's the What's the criticism What's
the move is that no I don't understand What's the
The Movida is what Javi does man if
tomorrow I do [ __ ] Eh well this fire is
important you this fire is important
eh Now let's see how it evolves
there telling me if tomorrow I do what I
tell you a Christmas carol Well he will also think
the Christmas carol is bad Javi you have to be
careful your health is valuable
you did the right thing to avoid it but it's
unnecessary but it's  that at what point let's
see I got out of the car but it's
unnecessary to put it in a garage where there
may be these people still everything they do
eh I mean it's not like since it's getting out
of hand to support whatever
against Javi
Oliveira I mean it's not already like very sick whatever Andalusian gentleman's rain boots in the trash I bought on Wednesday While they were fixing the car and I didn't go to the gutter because of course men's rain boots aren't available in
all the in all the
shoe stores and in all the places You know
why it's not something you use unless you
work no and I went to buy some
rain boots with the full intention of them
being the cheapest so that
when I went to get
back in the car I could take them off and throw them away I mean it
's a [ __ ] source of infection I mean
what were these people supposed to want I do
n't understand the criticism of
the boots they are with the boots the boots
the boots stop this Javi it's starting to get
worrying this is a stalker this
is a  sick stalker the boots of
But hey it's not like but this and and and and and
some communities of some youtubers
no and some and some youtubers
themselves I mean it's not like it's
getting out of hand Well, for
example, if the same report had been
done by a Diego arraval a Pepa Beltrn
who I don't think would do something like that no
or one I would applaud it I mean if you
mention to me that any colleague does the
same thing I would applaud it I mean there's something
wrong with it but it's what I do I mean
the rain boots that when I went to
get the car back
obviously as it can't be any other
way I threw them in the trash of course What do I do
with what what do they want me to do with
with the boots I mean what the [ __ ] do they want me to
do with the boots that they put my
car the boots with sewage with with with that it does
n't make sense that it doesn't make
sense it doesn't [ __ ] make sense the
boots rain boots in the trash Look at
this this one just wrote to Lorena
eh to Lorena and he follows her because it's for
see it obviously Tell Jai To upload
a story with the shovel Why Why
at what time have I gone to clean or
anything like that gone to do a report
what do the journalists of the one, the
two, the three, the four, the 5, I
mean to do a report no no but it does
n't make absolutely any
sense J la la la faithful the shut up of
Joan Planas J only went to take the
photo to make a video later
and monetize eh girl girl Stop talking
nonsense Stop talking nonsense
heart point number one you defend
Joan Planas the man who wanted to
boycott a project of a father whose
daughter had been kidnapped okay And he was
dedicated to doing interviews with all the
parents who had received
false complaints until the parents spoke with a
youtuber that he didn't like and
then they
boycotted them monetize what Sara heart
You think that with a video This was like
the nonsense with Fran but when I went with
Fran too eh When I went with Fran
too eh the same eh When I went with
Fran too it's the same eh that I had
gone  to Thailand how could I not go to
my friend but well,
last month the same people were saying that
when Fran Well I think in fact we
discussed it here live that when
Fran went to Thailand and that now I wasn't going
to Valencia to do a live that they
wanted me to clean the boots and
give them away there Oh well, oh my goodness and
if I had
put it in the car and brought it with me they would have said he took the boots instead of letting him have them now people don't make sense to monetize But how much are you going to earn for a video I mean I think you spend more on
gas and the clothes that I bought
especially to spend the day and
on the Editors I mean it's a video that I'm not
going to recover the monetization let's say it has to
have a video for me to recover
I don't know half a million views which I don't think I have
man it's not
getting a bit out of hand whitewashing your
image that I don't have to whitewash mine
Sara that I have a community
that loves me and many communities that
love me and the best of them are always by my side
when I'm not the one who has to
blaar I'm not the one who goes behind
4 years later let's see which youtuber
the youtuber with whom I argued
because he left me in a bad way in a G over fights with and I'm going
to hang out with the mortgage guys
even with the mortgage guys Silvia
Charro and Simon that I don't have to come
clean about anything because people
love me that maybe what you have is that
frustration why because you
imagined that a stupid sentence
for insults was going to remove me from
internet I was going to stop people from
watching me for a stupid thing when the people
want to see me Or so that that that that that that you guys
masturbate mentally
with things and with desires and with wishing
bad on others and nothing else is
wrong with you and you're getting worse and worse
because the thing is that you're even
supporting Tania who is incredible
but well now we'll get to that when
we get into the subject of Diego Rabal we'll
also comment more on this girl
for example no And since he cares  a
pepper the victims of the catastrophe
throw their boots so their car doesn't get dirty
that's what matters to them
man personally of course I
care about the victims of the catastrophe
of course Of course I think it's
shameless what
the government is doing and how they have them and abandoned
but I'm not going to show if I
care more or less by
[ __ ] in my car which is a car that I
keep well I am careful and putting
sewage in it which doesn't make any sense Hey
look I'm going to stain my car I'm going to
stain my car so that it's more
credible if I care or not I care
man if it wasn't something that
seemed like a scandal to me then I wouldn't go
a month later when the subject is no longer
viral to do a report that costs me
money okay I mean it doesn't make any
sense no there's no way to
take it three hours the Good
Samaritan was there that I wasn't there for 3 hours
Sara my daughter that I leave my house at
2 in the morning and arrive at 2 in the
morning  24 hours I've been dealing with
this 24 hours having slept two okay
24 hours girl, this is
going too far criticizing even something like
that criticizing something like that too, what a
drag eh I didn't know that to respond to
someone who sent you a message he
had to accept it as if something didn't
add up okay Javi Oliveira sacrificed himself
to walk around Valencia and record a
video for his channel poor Javi I've never seen
such a huge sacrifice since the one in
Dallas with Pamby Coin that screenshot of a
follower sending it to him is so weird No I don't
think he sent it to himself yeah I've
seen this too no on several
occasions during the afternoon today no that they
were insinuating that this screenshot
of the follower is a message
that I falsified and I wrote it to
myself no because of course it's a screenshot that
is in first
person I knew man I knew I knew they would
say it I knew they would notice this man I
knew they would notice this
eh he says it's very simple to understand it
's a person who leaked your license plate and
put up Stories  insinuating Where was I
insinuating, no
Roberto macarra said Dark minil tesa
Pilar RG alazne and a host of them, a lot of
strength, a lot of kisses, well we arrived, we didn't
reach the objective, we reached the
objective, I knew they were going to
catch me with this, man, I knew they were going to
Look or that the message received
appears on the right side of the
screen and not on the left. It's strange,
right? I'm sure they are messages that I
falsified, I s s has
put it the wig has put Javier
canino, several have put it,
several have put it, I'm going to answer him
recognizing my mistake, a
kiss,
okay They caught you right away, in case you don't
see, I really put it, how lazy, and I
put the screenshot that I had here, the
screenshot already prepared because I knew they were
going to Ah do that, it's not, basically, it's
in first person but it's not in
first person because I
falsified it and because
I made this false screenshot or I
wrote to myself but because this
person sends it to me, okay, as is, it's
a screenshot from their Instagram and they say, I
sent you this message on Instagram, I don't know
if you've seen it, I don't know  what and she sends me
the
screenshot how lazy really if you
talk because you have a mouth man if you
talk because you have a mouth man all the
time the same everything everything everything the
same everything the same you hit them in the mouth
and they'll come for another one in a while eh
And they'll come for another one in a while let's
see Peppa was very indignant eh Peppa
was very indignant that I was going to
Valencia okay p pas she was
very indignant that I was going to Valencia so what is she
saying what did she say look what she
insinuated yesterday about Rubn when she found out
that you were with him let's see but about Rubn
I don't trust Rubn Gilbert because I don't trust
him but about Rubn Gilbert she did
n't call him the other one who is a friend of
Rubn Rubn and he are friends but
friends like friends but Rubn
gber is not into this gossip no he
has no idea who jabi oliveira
sasul is what's going on he has no idea who
this character is n n n what's going on qu  it's
for nothing we have collaborated I don't know
how many times I mean we've known each other for like
5 years eh Ruben has uploaded here well I don't
know I don't
know what Peppa come on Peppa say it clearly what you are
insinuating or I will say it
Good night Noa beautiful how
are you Good night
Javi but
about me Gilbert I don't
trust him why I don't trust him
man of course he doesn't know you
Peppa nobody knows you You are a
parasite of Javi Veira
Of course but about Ruben Gilbert I don't
know him if not that Peppa didn't call him
the other one who is a friend
aj of Ruben Ruben and he are friends
but friends in a friend way aj but
Ruben is not up on this gossip he
has no idea who he is ja Oliveira come on
what are you telling people to
ask Ruben not to contact
Ruben and harass him not like you usually
do no Peppa that's what you are
saying no this time you are not going to say it
as clearly as you have on other occasions
done why don't you say it directly be
brave Hey look we want Javi We
just want Javi we want him to not
have any friends we want no one to
collaborate with him we want everyone to
ignore him don't say it clearly we are
these stalkers Reyes a kiss
say it every time Javi has an
interview or a collaboration
we contact the person with whom he
has the interview and the collaboration
say it clearly we want him we only
want him isolated no one talks to him say it
clearly if that's what I am in total one
occasion more than less what more is going to
give I
don't put it eh again come
Javier Oliveira has come he
contacted
me on Twitter I came and
we gave him a tour with Rubn's car
disber the man has freaked out in colors
in three hours that he is Look at
him and he directly threw them in the
trash Pepa and what happens if I have been TR
hours as if I have been half an hour
how long have you been Peppa how much money
have you donated because I hope you have not
taken and have made a collection like we
did here by the way Peppa saw that
here we made a collection for Dana
and it was not  I was there for 6 months you see how
things are eh the good memory that
I have pppa climb we took here we made
a collection
1300 for Dana and I gave them here to
Dana right away aunt right away you saw
my memory trust yourself to
anyone else it can go away for
months you know who but
we made a collection here and in
front of my followers I took the money
and gave it to the cause for which I
was asking for it eh have you realized
Peppa How much have
you given what visibility have you given to
Valencia
Peppa how much solidarity you have with
Peppa and you donated from your pocket Yes yes I
think I gave her like 240 Lili it was
five no how much was it 50 subscriptions
of K no 240 300 something
like that immediately after coming here fine as it is
Look he was wearing some boots and he
directly threw them in the
trash immediately after coming here
as they are he threw them in the trash That's it damn
what hair man I have
po
we didn't dare put them in the car I
asked them  anything you need right now Well
look it may seem silly
but I need a rain boot Well it's
true they bring them every day but they
fly by you never get there I never get there time to
see if we can find them Thank you very much
Those are Olira Oliveira's
Javi Oliveira we can auction them off with
the [ __ ] and all that is poop what you
see there is poop
this is cow and everything These are
Oliveira's he put them on he went to
Seville he threw them Ah in the trash and
now I'm going to put an urn and make
a sub pid anything you need
right now Well look it may seem
silly but I need a rain boot
Well it's true in some points no no
nothing eh Peppa don't even comment on the cli let's see
if I appear in this
other partner and
I have made videos without monetizing without
asking for membership without asking for anything And what
happens to those of us who And what happens to those of us who have
monetized our videos
Peppa but Peppa you You go there for dinna
because if she doesn't catch you you still have the
240 that it was for
cancer you had to give away some boots that
are a source of infection it's not some boots that are
a source of infection Lili It's that
if you had given them away the boots they
would have told me that I had given away some
boots that are
used If I had put them in the
car If I had gotten into my
new car with the boots that doesn't make any
sense okay it doesn't make any sense
in the world okay
em some boots full of infection but
come on it's crap literally what they
are saying they would not have said that I
was just pretending with the boots and
that I was taking them with what with the
need for boots that there is when I
took off the boots the boots I bought them
in Carln before going as I have already
told you with the intention of throwing them away or rather
I take my boots to drive I
put the boots on when I get off there that's what I
did and the moment I
saw the boots for the trash okay eh In
fact the girl from there where Rubn is from
told me you are going to throw them away you don't
want them you want to clean them or something and I
said no no if I don't throw them away I'm not going to
use them more you want them to stop he
says No man no we don't need
the boots either do you understand I mean no no no they didn't
need the boots Peppa but it doesn't
matter what she would have done you
would have put on this face here of
indignation okay and
and hbi that you have done live without
monetizing But how much do you monetize Peppa
and why haven't you done monetizing and
donate it I mean you're better because you have
done the live without monetizing it's that I do
n't understand because I've seen
all the youtubers releasing
videos Javi you have a child You don't have to
take the boots But the thing is
I'm not going to ride the car with those
boots come on, I was already riding
in Rubn's SUV if it hadn't
been for that I don't know what I
would have recorded I'm also telling you
because it wouldn't have been the same because
I don't have an all-terrain vehicle nor would I have
gone into those garages nor would I have gone
into those areas no but it's like
now the problem is I mean no we no longer
value a documentary not a report
that I go and do no I mean  look, that
's what I'm telling you, I think
the hate is getting out of hand, no. And the
illness, not with Javi. No, this is not
too much. I mean, if you don't
like someone, then don't watch their videos, don't
recommend them, no, but of course, that's all,
everything, if tomorrow I make a video about what I'm
telling you about Disneyland Paris, I'm going
to Disneyland Paris, I'm making a blog, they'll
also think that I'm spending
money, that Der rocho, that I'm
joking around, anything, everything, everything, I mean, we
no longer value that I
take, lose two or three days of work,
which I'm sure I earn much more than with a
video, okay, I made the sacrifice of
leaving here at 1 or 2 in the morning to
be in Valencia in the morning, I spent the
day All that the sun goes down and when
the sun goes down I come
back. No, no, no, no, let's see, I've thrown
away my boots. No, look, if you want,
I'll wear it here like the ones I
have here as a souvenir because
Fran gave it to me, that's crazy, family. It
's crazy, they have no
shame  none of them give them to me this
would
embarrass me is that then they say that it is not
harassment it is that it does not make sense at
all but there are no youtubers who have I
mean no no there are no youtubers who have
said and who have made tons and
tons of videos
monetizing What is Where are the
criticisms
Where are the criticisms Peppa to all
the youtubers who have monetized because
let's go as far as I
know But the thing is that I have not gone to
work or to clean mud or anything I have
gone to what I do which is well to
deal with the issues no and and give percussion
to the issues where have you gone pppa clean
have you gone to help your colleagues To
the youtubers that you know who live in
Valencia you have gone Peppa Well I have not
seen anything from you Give him something Give him 250 bucks
just to inform and this man goes a
month With a 3 hour tour in
Rubn jber's car he will have gotten
off he has stained himself and has thrown his
boots in the trash Look if he wants If you
want I will stain the
car If you want I will stain the car Of course
you as you are used to  to have the
kitchen like you have it Of course you
take and cook with the cat on the
counter Well of course maybe maybe it
's normal for me to take that I am
autoimmune and that it's not that it's that it's
commenting on any stupid thing really it's that it's
whatever but on top of that
doing their acting Eh like that with the face
speaking slowly indignantly it's that it's whatever it is
no Look Javi eh Dana for them there has
only been one
person that I'm not going to name no I'm not
going to get into that I'm not going to get into
that because the colleague No ply really I mean I
appreciate the defense but not
because the colleague I asked her for forgiveness
for the moment she hasn't entered
into discussions either and right now she's
with a very very big thing no and
very such that I have seen the dimension
since before I didn't know her and
no no I'm not going to mention a
person they are bringing her into it but
we are not going to bring her into it okay she
had bought it they had cost her 15
Gilbert was explaining the fruit to them and
he was on his cell phone watching
Gloria Camila's reels This girl is  imbecile
eh This girl Is an
imbecile is that you are an imbecile Peppa Peppa
Watch this clip that you are going to see it tomorrow you
are criticizing me your obsession
your [ __ ] obsession And the only thing that
gives you profitability okay because you had
agreed with the others or with whoever would have
advised you not to talk
about me so as not to feed me because I
ignore all the live shows that
are live at the same time as
me okay And what you agreed was not to
talk about Javi you start cooking and you
start talking about Big Brother and since it doesn't
work for you and and and and everyone is
getting into it except you who are
dying in viewers Okay you have
decided to talk about Javi again
Perfect I think it's [ __ ] great I am
your obsession and and you harass me okay but you don't
have a [ __ ] clue about what you're talking about
and you are so obsessed with me and you have
so little so little self-respect that you
are messing with me again without
even thinking about what you're saying
because you don't think about this when
a [ __ ] week ago they  your
privacy your honor and everything and you're against
me instead of with those you're
defending so that they accept you back
in the car this is how you humiliate yourself and this is how you
all are This is how you
humiliate yourself last week
Loli said you were a drug addict that you
had drugs at home that you sold them she
insinuated that you paid your lawyer like
a
prostitute Who came out to defend you
Peppa from everyone Who came out to defend you
me who condemned the acts I was worth more
Tania's privacy with her husband
convicted of abuse of a minor than
yours nobody said anything about your privacy your
privacy that you told Loli
that you slept with the lawyer nobody
revealed it Loli Who are you attacking the same as
always you are in
terrible shape okay Pili but I said it well
Vera I'm not going to name her there
was only Dana for that person that's the
first and Peppa I'll tell you one thing
eh Instead of getting into it these
days why don't you mess with your friend who
's bringing up all the [ __ ] you've
told her about Big Brothers  like what
happened at Raquel's wedding what
like the audios eh that they
leaked that you had of your colleagues about
that you keep quiet and you prefer to get involved with your
boots in
everything No no it's that it's that it's that
I look at how far they humiliate themselves and how
far they have to
agree to crush the same but girl who
is following the whole
band's roll Because you don't see yourself approved you are going to keep
crawling but if you are
trampled this week Peppa I mean if
I don't care I already know who I am I know
that I am the sack of kicking and I know who I am I
know that you are all against me and
all your unions I don't care if it is that I don't care
if it is that
an army can come you understand but you are
attacking me for something that you don't
think Look what you just
said look at the idiot who just
said I was
explaining to them G see the fruit and he was
on his cell phone watching
Gloria Camila's reels you don't even think about what you
said I mean I consider you an idiot  but not
so much you don't even think about it what you've said
is You're following the mantra of what
the bullies have said, you do
n't even think about it what the [ __ ] I'm not paying attention to what
Ruben says and the documentary that
came out on the Principal was recorded alone
I'm not in the documentary recording
getting out of the car talking to Ruben
what are you talking about that I was
watching the Gloria Camila rees because
you took a sick frame that you can
see me opening Instagram to
share an r from Ruben and Gloria Camila comes out
a mic you are terrible
look at your face You don't believe what you
're saying I consider you an idiot but
not that much you don't believe what you're
saying you're saying it to
repeat the nonsense of the bad guys and for them to
support you again just like they don't Look that's how it
works Look let's see how
you guys work okay look
so you can see how it works what I feel
that you are with me
are against me so I can see what
I feel that you are with me or
are against me okay look look
look anarchy okay look look
here criticizing Dio Garbal
I imagine that because of the camera here he
tells him Mr. Diego Arrabal he has
had no qualms through morb
doing monetized live streams without any
empathy for the young lvaro Prieto okay
here eh last night Diego Arrabal acted in the
most despicable way against a colleague
like Diego Arrabal here Diego Arrabal
before pointing out another youtuber you should
look at yours since they are asking for 6 years in
prison and compensation for
unlawful interference with honor okay or
whatever Look look look look anarchy where
are you today anarchy well today anarchy well
is applauding Diego Arrabal
because he has insulted me and because he has
beaten me let's change the game you guys because
I really need your
support for something or does it bother me that you are
against me now I am proud of
each one of those who are against me
who are not by my
side I have my people those who I have
by my side who are the ones who have shown themselves
in the place where they
are I am proud that the person who is in
against me like this one we
see on Twitter why Why are you
worthless
sincerely you move for strange things and
for you know I mean it doesn't make sense what you
're saying that I was that I
wasn't paying attention to what
Ruben was explaining to me Because I was looking
trust you already the invention
man trust you already the invention
man to belittle the work of a
person that you don't do not
one to belittle the work of a
guy who has spent 24 hours traveling and
has gone in 24 hours he has gone and returned to
the other side of Spain to record a
video and you want to belittle it because you
really are terrible uncle Salom
Thank you very much queen you are terrible man you
are
terrible And on top of that you are the most
groveling Peppa because they are
trampling on you only I have come out to
condemn what they did to you
last week aunt they called you a
prostitute they called you a prostitute
Peppa and you are here attacking me
because I have seen and if I feel like it
see Gloria Camila's stories What's
going on and if I feel like it  [ __ ] look at
Gloria Camila's picture What would
happen? They called you a prostitute that you
pay the lawyer with sex and
[ __ ] And you're here with me, girl. Go for
it with what you have to
protest because nobody has defended you
Where is your privacy? Damn, [ __ ]
Tania's privacy
Poor thing And you're there It's that
this is really that I don't even need to
answer if they
only take pictures, man, they only take pictures,
man. Well, this guy is the one who
says Silvia Seville Valencia is the other
part of Spain, what's up Silvia
Valencia is here, let's go, eh, I take the
bus in the center and I change,
that's a little far because I have to
change for the
Factory bus Silvia but nothing in a while
I fit in There she is, she's here, let's go
here, let's go I drop the kids off at school
I go to Valencia almost every
afternoon to eat for her
I can't take it
anymore, I had the intention and I still
have the intention to friends and
enemies because what I'm seeing
is that the thing with Danana She's leaving, she's going to
forget about doing all  the weeks
something for ald whatever
to remember what has happened and so we do
n't forget because we are very given
to forgetting already already And so much that you are given to
forgetting like you collected money
for cancer that you forgot for
7 months and so much and so much that you are very
given to forgetting of course like you
forget what you have that I don't
forget climb up to me I don't forget
I right here in this live I collect the
money and at the moment in front of the people who have
given it because yes we have to give
explanations to the people who put the
money in front of the people we have
given it to you for Dana I don't remember if we gave
10000 turkeys or I don't remember how much we gave
Of course you are very given to forget
when it interests you eh When it interests you
because every time Irene Len came in you did
n't forget Yorika so that she would give you
money we are very very given to forgetting mm
we are fabrics we are fabrics to forget